Changes and additions to main paper text (#80)
CQCL/qujax: paper.md

[example notebooks](https://github.com/CQCL/qujax/tree/main/examples).

`qujax` represents a quantum circuit as a collection of three equal length Python iterables: 
* a series of gate identifiers specifying the sequence of quantum gates to be applied to the qubits as part of the circuit. Each element can be either 
  * a string referring to a gate in `qujax.gates` e.g. `"Z"`, `"Rx"`
  * a JAX array representing a unitary matrix
  * a function that returns such an array
* a series indicating which qubits in the circuit each gate should be applied to 
* a series of indices indicating which entries of a parameter vector (which is provided when later evaluating the circuit) correspond to parameters of the gate (e.g. rotation gates such as `"Rx"` take one parameter).

> A valid quantum circuit specification would be, for instance, `["X", "Rz", "Rz", "CRz"], [[0], [1], [0], [0, 1]], [[], [0], [1], [1]]` (TODO: add pictorial representation of circuit here).

Reviewer: picture representation is a good idea! We can just insert the output from `qujax.print_circuit` either as a string or screenshot

In quantum mechanics, a *pure state* is fully specified by a statevector
$$
|\psi\rangle = \sum_{i=1}^{2^N} \alpha_i |i\rangle \in \mathbb{C}^{2^N},
$$
where $n$ is the number 
of qubits and $\alpha_i$ is a complex scalar number called the $i$th *amplitude*. We work in the computational basis, where 
$|i\rangle$ is represented as a vector of zeros with a one in the $i$th position (e.g. for $N=2$, $|2\rangle$ is represented as `[0 1 0 0]`). In `qujax`, we represent such vectors as a
*statetensor*, where a pure state is encoded in a tensor of complex numbers with 
shape `(2,) * N` (TODO: maybe elaborate a bit on this or include an appendix on numerical representation of tensors). The statetensor representation is convenient for quantum arithmetic (such as 
applying gates and sampling bitstrings), and the statevector can always be obtained by 
calling `statevector = statetensor.flatten()`. 

One can use 
`qujax.get_params_to_statetensor_func` to generate a pure JAX function encoding a parameterised 
quantum state 
$$
|\psi_\theta \rangle = U_\theta |\phi\rangle,
$$
where $\theta$ is a parameter 

> vector and $|\phi\rangle$ is an initial quantum state that be provided as the optional argument `statetensor_in` (that defaults to $|0\rangle$). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
vector and $|\phi\rangle$ is an initial quantum state that can be provided via the optional argument `statetensor_in` (that defaults to $|0\rangle$). 
```
